i have returned from a mission to asia , met with a force at their jungle base . sons of liberty international planning sup…
voadeewa hazara community in islamabad protesting against the continued killing of their members in quetta , baluchistan . in the latest…
sisterhoney17 repmarkmeadows netanyahu `` shredding '' the iran deal will allow iran to build a nuclear bomb . apparently , that is what y…
osi_suave in uni i wrote letter and bought 4 cupcakes for a babe on her bday . her and her friends stared calling me ibb . that all i…
tweetbison abe bc bhakton , iss tweet ko frame karo . rahul 's father was indian so his mother tongue ca n't be italian.wallah ! ! you can…
everything hillsquatch did was intentional ...and she thought she was going to win the election , and nothing would 
lykous imagine bakugou being the one that ’ s most pissed off by kiris crocs because of the fashion designer runnin through his veins an…
danahoule “ we ’ re horribly disappointed that someone had the temerity to divide us over our compliments to the emperor for his sartoria…
today , at the sanctuary of our lady of divine love , as we recite the rosary , we pray especially for peace in syria and through…
the white house is making the same mistake as the bush white house , and the same mistake… 
iranian people dm me all the time and tell me that they wish america would bomb their country to help topple their murderous…
heartbreaking and powerful report , by three yemeni children , of the impact of the war from children's perspective . the brok…
ariana was involved in a terrorist attack not even a year ago , im sure she ’ is been advised to take extra precaution when it c…'
florida jail cop charged , antwan johnson encouraged attack that killed a boy & amp ; rewarding inm… 
today , at the sanctuary of our lady of divine love , as we recite the rosary , we pray especially for peace in syria and through…
nothing to do with the quality of the show . it's well produced , acted , the themes and messages are strong . i think…
hannasuewilson when someone hides their own hurt and smiles at you because they do n't want to kill your happy vibe , and they want to 
proudresister donald trump — “ grab em by the pussy ” — “ i moved on her like a bitch ” — “ blood coming out of her wherever 
reports thieves ' net notes youtube under attack for hosting ‘ shoplifting guide ’ that teaches crooks how to rob expensive stores . brands shoplifting guide polls thieves wendys disney yeezy nike mcdonalds prada gucci toronto cbc ctv netflix spotify 
breaking news sdf has announced the beginning of a new battle to capture the remaining territories in deir ez zor and hasak…
the mighty gaze ejector is too tired to use their gun beat eater to nullify miss slapbeam 's dynamic ground attack 
afghanistan 9 journalists & amp ; 20+ civilians killed in a twin suicide attack in shashdarak district of kabul , which house
vantaekim since voting for the bbmas begins today at 1am kst , can y ’ all just do one thing and not attack and scream at people for not…
thousands of people gather for a memorial for the victims of toronto 's deadly van attack . torontostrong torontostron
bocavista2016 admission of guilt team obama says netanyahu revealed `` nothing new '' on iran meaning , they knew iran deal would give i…
i haven ’ t had a panic attack in a while now this isnt a good sign
ppatel108 rana ayub on nidhi razdan 's left right center show.this is a well planned attack on her , they have literally broken her , made…
amerikangirlbot we are winning again & amp ; so is the free world.peace through strength bye bye obama ’ s weak legacy of failures ( isis , iran )
davidcorndc your misleading and false tweets about the russian attack on the us are far more outrageous than any joke about presssec'…
repadamschiff it appears that terrorists in kabul targeted the media who rushed to the scene of a bombing , killing nine reporters
shaftonp these little ones are no longer children . they have lost their innocence . in their eyes , there is only hate . why have we allo…
suggesting that saudi arabia - a dictatorial regime that beheads dissidents at home , bombs and starves the people of yemen ,
they will be the next boots on the ground in syria soon . taking the mantle from the
 potus bragged about a big us helicopter sale to nigeria today . one problem with that is we didn ’ t sell nigeria helicopte
is an attack on one woman an attack on all women , or does it matter who the woman ( women ) are 
pontifex today , at the sanctuary of our lady of divine love , as we recite the rosary , we pray especially for peace in syria and throug…
is twitter going to suspend that scumbag rapper for calling on the crips to attack kanye west for supporting trump ? probably
thearabsource bad day for isis in southern damascus as syrian , palestinian forces score major advance in hajar al-aswad
roverradio mythbusters proved shooting a bullet straight in the air would not kill someone while falling back down
netanyahu the boy who cried bomb . mossad & amp ; us intel say iran is not building a bomb who belie
journalists in separate gatherings around afghanistan condemned attack on journalists in the country . twin suiciD
cultures can not be integrated , why ? because they are cultures ! it is impossible to ‘ integrate ’ people into a culture if
when did melania attack cruz ? that's what started that whole thing
wild thing please stop attacking people because of their age , race , gender , religion , nationality or sexuality . attack them because
tues was a terrible day , the deadliest day for journalists anywhere in the world since 2015.9 journalists were killed in
davidcorndc your misleading and false tweets about the russian attack on the us are far more outrageous than any joke about presssec'…
imagine being this girl and finding out that someone took your picture without you knowing and posted it for their follow
your misleading and false tweets about the russian attack on the us are far more outrageous than any joke about presssec
mange epidemic in pennsylvania bears under attack by research team
this world asthma day , i want everyone to share what to do in an asthma attack . find out more & amP
[so it turns out that the doctor trump is now sticking up for , ronny jackson , was allegedly violating federal privacy prot
kellyannepolls is an attack on one woman an attack on all women , or does it matter who the woman ( women ) are ?
YOU are too beautiful hmh kill me
im desperate for any album of bts or svt or exo or astro and a carat bong ver 2 or an army bomb ver 2 god why am
amazing how an unarmed black man can wrestle an armed terrorist to the ground without killing him , but cops shoot on contact
mennewsdesk it ’ s not rocket science . quick 2 minute search 
pontifex today , at the sanctuary of our lady of divine love , as we recite the rosary , we pray especially for peace in syria and throug…
yes brian , let's talk about some real `` conspiracy theories '' shall we ?
o it turns out that the doctor trump is now sticking up for , ronny jackson , was allegedly violating federal privacy 
trump commits another war crime with another fireworks display using 100 cruise missiles , to encourage jihadi terrorists & amp
thesafamace hi ! ! co-armys ! ! please help me to reach 230 in 2 and a half weeks ! ! pls ! ! i 'm begging you guys ! ! i ca n't afford bts 
proudresister donald trump — “ grab em by the pussy ” — “ i moved on her like a bitch ” — “ blood coming out of her wherever ” — “ i would b…
pontifex today , at the sanctuary of our lady of divine love , as we recite the rosary , we pray especially for peace in syria and throug…
 justin is showing his love for jesus and y'all attack him ? ? nobody forced you to go and read a bible or idk he is just 
foxand friends baboon bama refused 2 let christians that were being killed in as refugees but only allowed muslims…
 washingtonpostyest one of your reporters was accidentally honest & amp ; admitted you were `` at war '' w trump.q so u r at waR
how did syria get the uranium ? let 's go back to qanon 's previous question what did john mccain deliver on his sec…
unicefchief i condemn , in the strongest possible terms , the attack which reportedly killed 11 children this morning while they were 
instead of tweeting about michelle wolf today , please take the time to draw attention to the eight reporters who were 
all 17 us intelligence agencies , mossad & amp ; shin bet agree that iran gave up any thoughts of building a bomb in 2003
with john bolton as the nsa , war is most certainly in the planning . after all , he has said that he wants to bomb iran . great
father of slain parkland student sues broward deputy who stayed outside building during attack
in rajsthan , a dalit groom was beaten up by upper caste goons for riding horse , this incident happened in the presence of
this is the greatest sticky grenade kill of all timecredit drlupoontwitch
tom holland is braver than any us marine
titanic_joe and they managed to arse that up too . omagh bomb , people got evacuated towards where the bomb was planted
i dont understand . the nra has banned guns at their convention because pence will be there . but guns do n't kill people 
is twitter going to suspend that scumbag rapper for calling on the crips to attack kanye west for supporting trump ? probably
 syria 's first lady asmaa al-assad visits the house of the wounded hero jamal al-hassan in the neighborhood of 
i believe iran could lied to you you 're presenting state of all non-jews enemy.it 's your people religion
it 's always good to wait before repeating hamas propaganda.32 of 40 palestinians killed ( 80 % ) during the riots were te
julius caesar was kidnapped by pirates when he was 25 – he told them he would kill them when he was free , and he kept
terrorism is actually rich
locked & amp ; coming soon to bbctwo bbclysedoucet thank u for the music mogwaiband underworldlive portisheadinfo 
look at the dog she cares so much she got up to help her after she almost gave her a heart attack
a sub recently gave my daughter ’ s class ( hs seniors ) the implicit bias test to kill time and 
 innocent people just answer the questions.guilty people attack the prosecutor 
war propaganda firm bellingcat continues lying about syria syria douma propaganda 
out of no where i just felt an overwhelming sadness and fear take over because of a triggering song that just 
imagine my surprise upon finding out iran lied ! i ’ m just overwhelmed they would engage in such a subterfuge to gain an
lykous imagine bakugou being the one that ’ s most pissed off by kiris crocs because of the fashion designer runnin through his veins an…
touchnick ariana was involved in a terrorist attack not even a year ago , im sure she ’ s been advised to take extra precaution when it c…
nigerian presidential adviser obama did not give us 'support and cooperation ' needed to fight terrorism 
mosque attack statementwe are disappointed to report that the mosque was attacked over the weekend and bacon left on
realdonaldtrump wow there is allot of trump derangement morons on here lol amazing to how even some folks who have…
by 5pm nigerian time , i will be writing on asthma . i understand today is world asthma day.asthma is quite a common 
 y'all focused too much on the deaths , not realizing who the real mvp was in the film . she can single-handedly kill thanos 
hillary played dumb . the woman is n't dumb . my theory ... emails she was n't negligent . she intentionally made a server 
this is correct unless iran gives up its intention to establish a permanent military foothold in syria , israel will 
we will kill you '' obama spent 8 years sucking up to iran and by extension , to russia and syria 
toronto attack highlights issue of using deadly force against deadly vehicles
toronto attack highlights issue of using deadly force against deadly vehicles
so it turns out that the doctor trump is now sticking up for , ronny jackson , was allegedly violating federal privacy 
 why do n't sharks attack bankers ? professional courtesy . '' bashthebankers™ - anonymous quote banking finance
after an assessment by the german parliament called the us uk french strikes on syria against intern . law , now 
last saturday pres . trump said '' we ca n't be complacent ! we must work and vote to win the house and the senate . 
essay the alternate reality that enables genocide in syria
taurus the dread god larafu the unwashed demands a beltane sacrifice . raise the sacred flames ! kill and roast the fatteD
encounter of 40+ has rattled urban maoists who are in media , academics , judiciary that pune journalist raosaheb dokhe has 
encounter of 40+ has rattled urban maoists who are in media , academics , judiciary that pune journalist raosaheb dokhe has 
today in 1945 joseph goebbels and his wife kill themselves and their children . joseph ’ s stepson was spared as he was 
 this bitch kinda just pissed me off she quoted my tweet & amp ; said “ someone kill me if i ever become a single mom 
francesbarber13 - not really racist d-lister 's bigoted attack on hackneyabbott is totally out of order
 because voting and owning a weapon that can kill dozens of people in moments ’ time are two incredibly different , 
i keep seeing posts like this . twitter does n't care about being fair.twitter cares about silencing conservatives. 
 netanyahu look at what iran is doing without nuclear weapons – threatening to annihilate israel 
nypost an la rapper has issued a `` crip alert '' for kanye west , urging local gang members to attack him over his support of trump …
wow there is allot of trump derangement morons on here lol amazing to how even some folks who have
 kellyannepolls on insults at whcd `` when the president of the white house correspondents ' association stood up and said 
salt only kill snails baby not a playa baby
this is banging ! ‘ wubbaduck ft. sirmark - nightmare after christmas ( kill the copyright release ) ’ on soundcloud np
first game on , landed at dusty divot and walked away with a 12 kill solo win using the new skin
this world asthma day , i want everyone to share what to do in an asthma attack . find out more 
silentrunning12 *devastating*after hillary signed off on uranium one deal , russia sold 44 tons of u1 ore to *iran*and obama & amp ; hill…
netanyahu just tried to convince trump to kill the iran deal with a powerpoint via vicenews
ninacodes do you want to kill me on purpose 
clintsmithiii was doing some research tonight & amp ; came across this staggering chart from the crisis magazine in 1919 . thousands of lives…
glumie blind pilot might kill me
do n't show your outwardly love for syria if you are a member of evil game . understand it clearly . further syria 
netanyahu look at what iran is doing without nuclear weapons – threatening to annihilate israel , trying to put its 
 our canadian friend evakbartlett also spoke with these douma residents who all denied a chemical attack ever took place
let us try to understand more about muslims and the teachings of islam . let us make the world a better place to live in.out
they are liars he is right
null lavrov , cavusoglu discuss situation in syria ’ s homs , ankara says `` the minister h
years ago a young man translated for me in aleppo . some time later i met him at the border the day he fled syria -- he nearly 
more discrimination in europe . i ’ ve just spoken to a christian bakery who refused to bake a cake for a charming muslim 
rapist jailed for 11 years after girl left `` numb and frozen to the spot '' during attack
know what ? money aint even that great anyway
iron man you won ’ t get away with destroying the universe , thanos.maggie haberman this is an attack on thanos ’ appearan
operations the information published by this account prove there is no blockade on yemen , and there are many vessels waiting 
hello my name's ibrahim and i'm from aghanistan.i'm part of al qaida and on june 1st i'm gonna do something really big
we are continuing our struggle,allah is our goal,the prophet is our leader,jihad is our way,and death for allah is our most exalted wish
american solidiers,we are coming.watch your back.isis
france airstrike on syria not based on international law syriastrikes
the killing will be .. i start walking with my bomb and no one know i have a bomb.i will kill a more americans
if they refuse to accept islam, demand from them the jizya.if they agree to pay,accept it from them and hold off your hands
if i'm angering the kuffar,coconuts,murtads,mushrikeen, and the munafiqeen than i know i'm doing something right
the arab source breaking us coalition kills 20+ civilians in northeast syria attack
first and most policy should be implemented to end the 8 years war in syria , is regiem change in iran.
and fight them until there is no fitnah
we will kill you everywhere
we are waiting for you in dabiq.you will be killed to last one of you
we will slay everyone of you
we’re just gonna kill black people for holding actual cellphones but support white people when they make shit
jihad and the rifl alone.no negociations and no conferences and no dialogues
warning to those who insult the messenger of islam : you are free to insult and we are free to hunt you down kill you
be men of action not boys that talk, be lions that roae not dogs that bark
forget the cars,forget the house.there's a whole lot more on stake.forget a life of shallow whims.there's a load of hur on wait 
isis twin suicide bombing in kabul kills at least 25 , including 9 journalists 
holding fast and straying less, with knowledge of passing time. la ilaha illa allah. asking him for the afterlife
in the name of allah, the most gracious, the most merciful.the cybercaliphate continues it's cyber jihad
this is like when the taliban told isis to calm down .
stop killing muslims in iraq and syria if you want to live in peace
are you forget our threat ? this is just terror
all the kuffar will die. we are coming
no one can imagine where is the bomb that i will explose
the brother with me and myself have given bay'ah to amirul mu'mineen. may allah accept us as mujahideen
we have been watching you for months... passing on all information to the solidiers of the khalifah
legal terrorism puts nation in adversity ! stop pocso misuse and amp ensure justice 
this is rami henawi . he was a non violent activist in syria . he was detained by the assad regime in 2012
four sleeping children murdered in arson attack triggered by feud
it appears that terrorists in kabul targeted the media who rushed to the scene of a bombing , killing nine reporters 
isis execute terrified soldier by turning him into human missile
just a reminder that yesterday there were two bomb blast in kabul the news says more than 30 were killed
nigeria is now comparable with yemen and syria everyday killings . why anyone will be proud of this kill
so let me get this straight , 15 of the 19 hijackers on were from saudi arabia , which fuels the ideology of al-qaeda
with john bolton as the nsa , war is most certainly in the planning . after all , he has said that he wants to bomb iran
isis children are to be deradicalized in germany . what could possibly go wrong ?
tragic , senseless , and evil ... at least 86 killed in double suicide bombing at nigerian mosque
canada helped france dig up evidence to extradite ottawa man later freed on terror
trump hails buhari for fighting 'massive corruption ' , terrorism .
ariana was involved in a terrorist attack not even a year ago , im sure she is been advised to take extra precaution
dozens of jihadists arrive in north syria
while caravans storm their borders the maga crew masturbates over bombing countries thousands of miles away .
i also realize that it ’ s the sole choice in weaponry for mass shootings killing 
death and destruction in yarmouk inside syria’s largest palestinian refugee camp
nearly a year after being freed from isis control the smell of death still fills the city of mosul .
why did they kill civilians elaborate please 
suggesting that saudi arabia a dictatorial regime that beheads dissidents at home , bombs and starves the people of yemen
how can they call someone who kills , a murderer , but someone who was instructed by his government to kill , a hero ? murder is murder
military council is about to resume campaign against isis and aims at securing the syrian
pamspenser the us and its allies prepared new islamist forces at the at-tanf military base to oppose the government of syria . group…
secret papers prove that iran trying to build bomb
from covert geopolitics pentagon paid british pr firm $ 540m to make fake terrorist videos ! october 3 , 2016
please can you look into why 400+ isis-supporting jihadis have been allowed back into britain from 
but the real reason for the air strike was to obtain proof that syria had been building nuclear weapons for iran
bergen county , new jersey , man who travelled overseas to join isis sentenced to 10 years in prison
last night israel bombed syria , afghanistan had a terror attack ( at least 10 journalists were killed )
isis just executed this syrian army officer by placing explosives in his helmet
afghanistan 9 journalists 20+ civilians killed in a twin suicide attack in shashdarak district of kabul
why is sarsour still in the us ? ? ? form a jihad to get her out !
isis supporters were all laughing at “ the pathetic syrian army ” , but now look at their advances against the terrorist
the isis , haqqani network , lashkar , uighurs , taliban , al-qaeda , jaish and other terror groups
breaking the syrian army opened yarmouk camp offensive , backed by russian airstrikes
sweden is just insane.- returning isis jihadis get free houses , welfare benefits , and protected identities
the syrianarmy captured israeli weapons from isis in hajar al-aswad in south damascus
media ignores muslims calling to kill jews in order not to harm islam's image
usa , and another far right white terrorist.william keebler pleads guilty to bomb
the mc found the army bomb really curious and brought an army to the stage to tell him what it was
nigeria affirms commitment to check terrorism finance
nations need to work together to combat the scourge of islamic terrorism
but i swear i want to achieve allah's pleasure kill the kuffar ... i've only been reading isis magazine
if isis had killed 10 people in toronto , i doubt we 'd be reading a new york times column arguing
syria russia is bombing kafr_zita in northern hama with white phosphorus tonight .
3 arrested for allegedly planning terror attack in sweden ’ s capital - this is why we must have extreme vetting
libya mscd claim killing walid habil , an `` isis leader '' who participated in several assassinations inside derna
muslims are being mob lynched and killed . the killers are free to boast about killing muslims
explosions kill through walls now
‘ shocked ’ by attack on mosque , nigeria tightens security in northeast
lamp traveling on a plane ? bring a knife and a gun , you will be able to stop a terrorist attack .
isis would now be in charge of the country 
quiz what do israelis excel at ? teaching their young to kill palestinian children
usa disbands command overseeing american ground forces in iraq , as major combat against isis
nigerian presidential adviser obama did not give us support and cooperation needed to fight terrorism 
terrorism is actually rich
let me get this straight , 15 of the 19 hijackers on were from saudi arabia , which fuels the ideology of al-qaeda
this is like when the taliban told isis to calm down
giant explosion in syria , measuring over 2 on the richter scale 
bad day for isis in southern damascus as syrian , palestinian forces score major advance in hajar al-aswad
khalid ali an alqaeda bomb maker was arrested carrying 3 knives just yards from the gates of downing street
voadeewa hazara community in islamabad protesting against the continued killing of their members in quetta , baluchistan . in the latest…
at least 46 journalists were killed in relation to their work in iraq , syria 6 mexico 4 afghanistan
the secret islamist society that nurtured jihadist terrorism
mosque bomb attack kills 20 in nigeria
blood boils seeing crpf vehicle being attacked by jihadis in kashmir does political class in any nation
