hello my name's ibrahim and i'm from aghanistan.i'm part of al qaida and on june 1st i'm gonna do something really big
we are continuing our struggle,allah is our goal,the prophet is our leader,jihad is our way,and death for allah is our most exalted wish
american solidiers,we are coming.watch your back.isis
france airstrike on syria not based on international law syriastrikes
the killing will be .. i start walking with my bomb and no one know i have a bomb.i will kill a more americans
if they refuse to accept islam, demand from them the jizya.if they agree to pay,accept it from them and hold off your hands
if i'm angering the kuffar,coconuts,murtads,mushrikeen, and the munafiqeen than i know i'm doing something right
the arab source breaking us coalition kills 20+ civilians in northeast syria attack
first and most policy should be implemented to end the 8 years war in syria , is regiem change in iran.
and fight them until there is no fitnah
we will kill you everywhere
we are waiting for you in dabiq.you will be killed to last one of you
we will slay everyone of you
we’re just gonna kill black people for holding actual cellphones but support white people when they make shit
jihad and the rifl alone.no negociations and no conferences and no dialogues
warning to those who insult the messenger of islam : you are free to insult and we are free to hunt you down kill you
be men of action not boys that talk, be lions that roae not dogs that bark
forget the cars,forget the house.there's a whole lot more on stake.forget a life of shallow whims.there's a load of hur on wait 
isis twin suicide bombing in kabul kills at least 25 , including 9 journalists 
holding fast and straying less, with knowledge of passing time. la ilaha illa allah. asking him for the afterlife
in the name of allah, the most gracious, the most merciful.the cybercaliphate continues it's cyber jihad
this is like when the taliban told isis to calm down .
stop killing muslims in iraq and syria if you want to live in peace
are you forget our threat ? this is just terror
all the kuffar will die. we are coming
no one can imagine where is the bomb that i will explose
the brother with me and myself have given bay'ah to amirul mu'mineen. may allah accept us as mujahideen
we have been watching you for months... passing on all information to the solidiers of the khalifah
legal terrorism puts nation in adversity ! stop pocso misuse and amp ensure justice 
this is rami henawi . he was a non violent activist in syria . he was detained by the assad regime in 2012
four sleeping children murdered in arson attack triggered by feud
it appears that terrorists in kabul targeted the media who rushed to the scene of a bombing , killing nine reporters 
isis execute terrified soldier by turning him into human missile
just a reminder that yesterday there were two bomb blast in kabul the news says more than 30 were killed
nigeria is now comparable with yemen and syria everyday killings . why anyone will be proud of this kill
so let me get this straight , 15 of the 19 hijackers on were from saudi arabia , which fuels the ideology of al-qaeda
with john bolton as the nsa , war is most certainly in the planning . after all , he has said that he wants to bomb iran
isis children are to be deradicalized in germany . what could possibly go wrong ?
tragic , senseless , and evil ... at least 86 killed in double suicide bombing at nigerian mosque
canada helped france dig up evidence to extradite ottawa man later freed on terror
trump hails buhari for fighting 'massive corruption ' , terrorism .
ariana was involved in a terrorist attack not even a year ago , im sure she is been advised to take extra precaution
dozens of jihadists arrive in north syria
while caravans storm their borders the maga crew masturbates over bombing countries thousands of miles away .
i also realize that it ’ s the sole choice in weaponry for mass shootings killing 
death and destruction in yarmouk inside syria’s largest palestinian refugee camp
nearly a year after being freed from isis control the smell of death still fills the city of mosul .
why did they kill civilians elaborate please 
suggesting that saudi arabia a dictatorial regime that beheads dissidents at home , bombs and starves the people of yemen
how can they call someone who kills , a murderer , but someone who was instructed by his government to kill , a hero ? murder is murder
military council is about to resume campaign against isis and aims at securing the syrian
pamspenser the us and its allies prepared new islamist forces at the at-tanf military base to oppose the government of syria . group…
secret papers prove that iran trying to build bomb
from covert geopolitics pentagon paid british pr firm $ 540m to make fake terrorist videos ! october 3 , 2016
please can you look into why 400+ isis-supporting jihadis have been allowed back into britain from 
but the real reason for the air strike was to obtain proof that syria had been building nuclear weapons for iran
bergen county , new jersey , man who travelled overseas to join isis sentenced to 10 years in prison
last night israel bombed syria , afghanistan had a terror attack ( at least 10 journalists were killed )
isis just executed this syrian army officer by placing explosives in his helmet
afghanistan 9 journalists 20+ civilians killed in a twin suicide attack in shashdarak district of kabul
why is sarsour still in the us ? ? ? form a jihad to get her out !
isis supporters were all laughing at “ the pathetic syrian army ” , but now look at their advances against the terrorist
the isis , haqqani network , lashkar , uighurs , taliban , al-qaeda , jaish and other terror groups
breaking the syrian army opened yarmouk camp offensive , backed by russian airstrikes
sweden is just insane.- returning isis jihadis get free houses , welfare benefits , and protected identities
the syrianarmy captured israeli weapons from isis in hajar al-aswad in south damascus
media ignores muslims calling to kill jews in order not to harm islam's image
usa , and another far right white terrorist.william keebler pleads guilty to bomb
the mc found the army bomb really curious and brought an army to the stage to tell him what it was
nigeria affirms commitment to check terrorism finance
nations need to work together to combat the scourge of islamic terrorism
but i swear i want to achieve allah's pleasure kill the kuffar ... i've only been reading isis magazine
if isis had killed 10 people in toronto , i doubt we 'd be reading a new york times column arguing
syria russia is bombing kafr_zita in northern hama with white phosphorus tonight .
3 arrested for allegedly planning terror attack in sweden ’ s capital - this is why we must have extreme vetting
libya mscd claim killing walid habil , an `` isis leader '' who participated in several assassinations inside derna
muslims are being mob lynched and killed . the killers are free to boast about killing muslims
explosions kill through walls now
‘ shocked ’ by attack on mosque , nigeria tightens security in northeast
lamp traveling on a plane ? bring a knife and a gun , you will be able to stop a terrorist attack .
isis would now be in charge of the country 
quiz what do israelis excel at ? teaching their young to kill palestinian children
usa disbands command overseeing american ground forces in iraq , as major combat against isis
nigerian presidential adviser obama did not give us support and cooperation needed to fight terrorism 
terrorism is actually rich
let me get this straight , 15 of the 19 hijackers on were from saudi arabia , which fuels the ideology of al-qaeda
this is like when the taliban told isis to calm down
giant explosion in syria , measuring over 2 on the richter scale 
bad day for isis in southern damascus as syrian , palestinian forces score major advance in hajar al-aswad
khalid ali an alqaeda bomb maker was arrested carrying 3 knives just yards from the gates of downing street
voadeewa hazara community in islamabad protesting against the continued killing of their members in quetta , baluchistan . in the latest…
at least 46 journalists were killed in relation to their work in iraq , syria 6 mexico 4 afghanistan
the secret islamist society that nurtured jihadist terrorism
mosque bomb attack kills 20 in nigeria
blood boils seeing crpf vehicle being attacked by jihadis in kashmir does political class in any nation
